This is Jiang Feiyue from Rongdu Jiang Family
Sure enough, the national beauty and natural fragrance
Beautiful country and beautiful city
What's this guy doing here?
Why hasn't that guy started yet?
I should have known you were treating friends to dinner here.
Then I'll make an appointment another day.
It's just that if you change rooms now
Not respected by the leader
Why don't you change the box?
Big brother today
I also hired a more important person
Then this temporary room change is probably not very good, right?
More important guests
More important than my guests
Yo
Li Lao is really sorry
I didn't come downstairs to pick you up because of family business.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
You're lucky today
Haha, I brought a distinguished guest by the way.
Ouyang Shuo, the leader of the entire Xishu business community
Can manage the resources of the national business community
If it could be related to Ouyang Shuo
The next generation of the Yang family head must be me
These are